/*
Running the Program
When you enter the program, you will be asked if you want premium (1) or basic access (2). Entering 1 will give you premium access. 
Then you are asked if you are releasing music (1) or listening to music (2). Enter the corresponding number to select the desired option. 
Artists use the release music option to add new songs and create new albums. Before anyone can listen to music, songs need to be created in the program. 
So let's first select the option to release music. You then have the option to add a new song (1), create a new album (2), or add songs to an album (3). 
You can create a new song by entering 1 and entering the song’s information when prompted. 
Once the song is created, you will have the option again to add a new song, create a new album, or add songs to an album as well as the option to return to the main menu (release music or listen to music). 
You can select 2 to create a new album, giving it its name and the artist. Next, you can select 3 to add existing songs to the album.
To enter the option of listening to music, you can return to the main menu and enter 2 when prompted. 
I have already loaded a number of built in songs, albums, and playlists into the program so you can listen to music before adding anything. 
As a listener, both for premium and basic access, you can create playlists by choosing 3 when prompted to choose between Play Queue (1), Modify Queue (2), create a new playlist(3), and Add song to playlist (4), enter 3. 
You can then create a new playlist and then select 3 to add songs to playlists. Selecting Edit Queue (2) will allow you to choose to add songs to queue (1), add collection to queue (2) remove from queue (3). 
Select 1 to add songs to the queue by entering the song and select 2 to add/play a playlist or album to the queue by entering the album or playlist. 
To play the queue, enter 1 and select if you want to play music in order (1) or shuffle (2).
If you enter as a basic user, you can also create playlists and add songs to it. You can also add songs, albums, and playlists to the queue. 
However, you will not be able to modify the queue and the only option for playing music in your queue is to shuffle the songs. There should not be an option to do so.
When the queue is played, it prints out the songs in the queue showing the songs that are going to be played. 
Since there are no music files, the songs are played by printing out the song. 
The client can use the queue in different ways. It can play the whole queue as is or it can play the music by printing out the next song, skipping the song (if premium), or printing out the previous song. 
It can continue to do this while there is a next song or there is a previous song.
*/
